hi everyone how many of you went to
sleep last night I couldn't sleep
because he didn't know what happens with
a block when you receive it when you
want to read it from this those terms of
hands what I'm gonna tell you did you
know that when you receive a block from
beat swap and you want to write it to
disk or when you want to read a blog to
send it to someone else by bits web did
you know that it goes through an ID
block store that allows you to have
identity hashes that is what is is you
can inline content if your content is
small enough that it fits into a hash
sighs Wow did you know that it goes
through a layer which is a cached block
store which will catch using an IRC cash
which is adaptive replacement cache and
then we'll use bloom filters to improve
lookups Wow did you know that once all
those layers are through and you just
have the bare block stored you will
still talk to a data store and that
datastore is patched so it won't be
hitting the disk all the time but rather
try to batch all the things together and
do a single write and didn't know that
that data store can be implemented by a
number of things i badgered DB like flat
FS it can be in memory did you know all
those things that's why it was so hard
to go to sleep last night did you know
that ipfs also has a repo interface on
top of that that uses that same
datastore to do a bunch of other stuff
like Frida will tell you right now all
right so there's some other stuff that
you want to store in your IP FS note
like what is the configuration what is
the version all those fun things that
you really want to store but most people
really don't want to think about anymore
well it's all if it's in your IP FS repo
and because we have this nice they just
drop fraction below here we can just you
know put stuff and delete it whenever we
want and that's really cool
[Applause]